distinct tidb only information function (#14213)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/tidb-functions.md

| `VITESS_HASH(str)` | The `VITESS_HASH` function returns the hash of a string that is compatible with Vitess' `HASH` function. This is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |
| `TIDB_SHARD()` | The `TIDB_SHARD` function can be used to create a shard index to scatter the index hotspot. A shard index is an expression index with a `TIDB_SHARD` function as the prefix.|
| `TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM()` | The `TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM` function is used to query the checksum value of a row. This function can only be used in `SELECT` statements within the FastPlan process. That is, you can query through statements like `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id = ?` or `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id IN (?, ?, ...)`. See also: [Data integrity validation for single-row data](/ticdc/ticdc-integrity-check.md). |

> | `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
```

| `VITESS_HASH(str)` | The `VITESS_HASH` function returns the hash of a string that is compatible with Vitess' `HASH` function. This is intended to help the data migration from Vitess. |
| `TIDB_SHARD()` | The `TIDB_SHARD` function can be used to create a shard index to scatter the index hotspot. A shard index is an expression index with a `TIDB_SHARD` function as the prefix.|
| `TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM()` | The `TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM` function is used to query the checksum value of a row. This function can only be used in `SELECT` statements within the FastPlan process. That is, you can query through statements like `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id = ?` or `SELECT TIDB_ROW_CHECKSUM() FROM t WHERE id IN (?, ?, ...)`. See also: [Data integrity validation for single-row data](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-integrity-check). |

> | `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
```

> | `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP()`  | The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to return the resource group name that the current session is bound to. See also: [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md). |
```

+----+------+------+---------------------+
1 row in set (0.000 sec)
```

### CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP

The `CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP` function is used to show the resource group name the current session is bound to. When feature [Use Resource Control to Achieve Resource Isolation](/tidb-resource-control.md) is enabled, the available resources that can be used by SQL statements are restricted by the resource quota of the bound resource group.

> When a session is established, TiDB binds the session to the resource group that the login user is bound to by default. If the user is not bound to any resource groups, the session is bound to the `default` resource group. After the session is established, the bound resource group won't change by default, even if the user bound resource group is changed via [Modify the resource group bound to the user](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-basic-user-information). You can use [`SET RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-set-resource-group.md) to change current session's bound resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a session is established, TiDB binds the session to the resource group that the login user is bound to by default. If the user is not bound to any resource groups, the session is bound to the `default` resource group. Once the session is established, the bound resource group will not change by default, even if the bound resource group of the user is changed via [modifying the resource group bound to the user](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md#modify-basic-user-information). To change the bound resource group of the current session, you can use [`SET RESOURCE GROUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-set-resource-group.md).
```

#### Example

> Create a user `user1`, create two resource groups `rg1` and `rg2`, and bind the user `user1` to the resource group `rg1`:

Reviewer 2: 下面的命令没有 `rg2`

Reviewer: @glorv PTAL

Author: fixed

```sql
CREATE USER 'user1';
CREATE RESOURCE GROUP 'rg1' RU_PER_SEC = 1000;
ALTER USER 'user1' RESOURCE GROUP `rg1`;
```

Use `user1` to log in and view the resource group bound to the current user:

```sql
SELECT CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP();
```

```
+--------------------------+
| CURRENT_RESOURCE_GROUP() |
+--------------------------+
| rg1                      |
+--------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

> Execute `SET RESOURCE GROUP` to set the resource group for the current session to `rg2` and view the resource group bound to the current user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute `SET RESOURCE GROUP` to set the resource group for the current session to `rg2`, and then view the resource group bound to the current user:
```
